[Jenkins for Scaling]: `jenkins.model.Jenkins.buildsDir` as alternative to symlinks (#5772)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/scaling/architecting-for-scale.adoc

* *ZFS for Solaris* - ZFS is even more flexible than LVM and spanned volumes
  and just requires that the _$JENKINS_HOME_ be on its own filesystem. This
  makes it easier to create snapshots, backups, etc.

> * *Moving the Build Folder to a separate volumen* - For systems with existing Jenkins. Two options:
>   installations and who cannot use any of the above-mentioned methods
> ** The System Property link:https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/managing/system-properties/#jenkins-model-jenkins-buildsdir[jenkins.model.Jenkins.buildsDir]
> ** *Symbolic Links* (symlinks) may be used instead to store job 
>   folders on separate volumes with symlinks to those directories.

Reviewer: The phrasing seems to be broken.  As an alternative phrasing, how about:
```suggestion
- For systems with an existing Jenkins installation, there are at least two options:
** The System Property link:/doc/book/managing/system-properties/#jenkins-model-jenkins-buildsdir[jenkins.model.Jenkins.buildsDir]
** *Symbolic Links* (symlinks) may be used instead to store job 
  folders on separate volumes with symlinks to those directories.
```
